prep for v1.6.1. release (#91)
microsoft/security-utilities: docs/ReleaseHistory.md

- FPS => False positive reduction in static analysis.
- FNS => False negative reduction in static analysis.

> # 1.6.1 - 09/06/2024
> - BUG: `v1.6.0` missing the `ComputeCommonAnnotatedHash` API.
> 
> # 1.6.0 - 08/09/2024
> - NEW: Add `ComputeCommonAnnotatedHash` to generate annotated fingerprints from arbitrary strings.
> - NEW: Provide `StandardCommonAnnotatedKeySizeInBytes` and `LongFormCommonAnnotatedKeySizeInBytes` constants (63 and 64, respectively).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 1.6.1 - 09/06/2024
- BUG: Release 1.6.0 incorrectly claimed to release `ComputeCommonAnnotatedHash`.
- NEW: Add `ComputeCommonAnnotatedHash` to generate annotated fingerprints from arbitrary strings.

# 1.6.0 - 08/09/2024
- NEW: Provide `StandardCommonAnnotatedKeySizeInBytes` and `LongFormCommonAnnotatedKeySizeInBytes` constants (63 and 64, respectively).
```
